good for this new seat leon we start
right from the infotainment because it makes a
step forward compared to the old one
version on reform a little to the cousins ​​of
audi with the en.aip audi system
touchscreen we can go to click
directly on the 5-inch display
all the insertion part
the media opens the drawer 2 sd
the cd is the media in or the connector
to which they can then be connected
iphone ipod usb keys and more
here flying with the controls for
recommend if infotainment is the
bluetooth module for telephony
very particular central plank
vertical
good materials also of the seats us
we are obviously approving the version
more equipped than trying
looking here at the Paris salon and one
world premiere
engines ranging from 1200 to 2000 tsi e
tdi but preview on this leon the headlights
completely led
not only daytime running lights but also lights
high beam low beams are led
if we look at the car body there
we will notice the similarities with the
cousin to three especially if we close the
door can't do it are
we wait for the leg the young lady but
even at the side of
rear of
really lighting the similarities
with the a3 there are also many of these
smo graphics and this arrangement of
headlights are very similar
another novelty is the logos and that is
reused very large trunk
composed of dividing two thirds a third